Link url : 

Server
A server is a piece of computer hardware or software (computer program) that provides functionality for other programs or devices, called "clients". Servers are located in datacenters which are buildings that host hundreds, or even thousands of computers (servers). A server can be physical or virtual. A server runs an OS (operating system).

The role of the domain name
The domain name serves to identify Internet resources, such as computers, networks, and services, with a text-based label that is easier to memorize than the numerical addresses used in the Internet protocols. The DNS helps translate the domain name www.foobar.com to it's server's IP address 8.8.8.8. This enables the browser to make requests and recieve responses from the server.

Type of DNS record in www.foobar.com
An A record which translates the domain name to an IPV4 address 8.8.8.8

The role of the web server
The role of the web server is to process web server requests and provide static (or stateless) content to the web browser

The role of the application server
The role of the application server is to process web server requests and connect with the business logic and mysql database to provide dynamic and updated content to the web browser

The role of the database
The role of the database is to store the application data/information

Protocol used
The protocol used is the TCP/IP protocol.

Issues with this Infrastructure

SPOF (Single Point of Failure)
This design just has one physical server, one web server, one application server and one database. If any of these fails, the whole system fails as there is no redundancy.

Downtime when maintenance needed
Maintenance or code upgrade will cause a downtime because there is no backup server to respond to the incoming request while the maintenance is being done.

Cannot scale if too much incoming traffic
The infrastructure will be unable to scale due to the presence of a single server that handles all the requests. There is also the absence of a load balancer which would be able to distribute incoming traffic between servers


